###### 用时约1'30

###### welcome(p1)

Good afternoon, everyone! Our topic today is the Characteristics of popular apps.

###### introduction and dataset (p2)

As app developers, we care about how to develop popular applications. 

###### (p3)

Now we have got a dataset of Google Play Store. It consists of information about 10 thousand apps from more than 30 popular categories. We can see their installation number, rating, reviews, price, size, etc.  

###### motivation

From this dataset, we want to look through the behavior of the market, look for recipes and characteristics of those successful apps, through data analysis and visualization.

###### intended effect

After our representation, we hope you can learn more about mainstream in the market, and the underlying factors. For app developers, we hope today will help you develop more excellent apps in the future. 

###### critical questions (p4)

To answer this main question, we cleaned the data, and analyze from different aspects, 	**(p5)**	like what's the most popular categories of apps, and how the size, last updates and price contribute to apps' popularity. 

We will show them in turn.

## Conclusion

So from discussion above we can conclude that some categories have captured more market share and we can see their trend each year. And those popular apps usually have substantial content with larger size. Finally, they have attractive prices, too.

## 结束

So this is the end of our presentation and thank you for your listening.